Agile Menifesto

	Document identifies 4 key values and 12 principles that authors believe all software developers should use to guide their work.


4 Values
	1. Individual and Interactions over processes and tools
	2. Working software over comprehensive documentaiton
	3. Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
	4. Responding to change over following plan


12 Principles
------------
1. Customer Statisfaction - Achieved through early and continious delivery of valuable software

2. Welcome To Change - Making changes during software development is common and inevitable.

3. Delivery working software frequently - 

4. Collaboration - Business and Developement team work together throughout project

5. Motivation - Build project around motivated individual. Given them environment and support they need and trust them to get the job done.

6. Face-to-face conversion - 

7. Measure progress (as per working software req) - 

8. Maintain constant pace - 

9. Monitering - Continious attention to technical excellence and good design

10. Simplicity - Keep things very simple and use semple terms to measure the work that is not completed.

11. Review work regularly - At regular intervals the team reflects on how to become more effective and then turns and adjusts behavior accordingly.

12. Self organized team - The best architectures, requirements and designs emerge from self organizing team.



Distadvantages
	- Not suitable for small development projects
	- Lack of intensity on necessary designing and documentation
	- Cost of agile is slightly more than traditioanl SDLC

	
 - Scrum - 
 ==============

 	Scrum is a framework that helps team to work together.
 	Scrum encourage team to learn through practice self organize, while working on problem


 	Scrum - focus is on continious improvement (framework)
 	
 	Sprint -  Product is built in a series of repetition called sprint. It breaks big complex projects into bite-size pieces, and makes project more managable and allow team to deliver frequently.

		15 days or max 30 days

		Sprint are short and time-boxed period for scrum team that works to complete set amount of work.



 Sprint Roles for stackholders
 -----------------------

 	A Scrum Master
 		- Facilitators of scrum ceremonies
 		- Educate team 
 		- Sprint review - Capture feedbacks
 		- 1 on 1 discussions - 
 		- Reporting - 40 storty point work - 38 story points work
 						2 story points will be carry forward to next sprint


 	The Product owner
 		- Difining the vision
 		- Prioritizing Product backlog (list of User story that needs to be completed)
 		- Taking overview of development stage
 		- Handles communicatin with customer
 		- Knows what client needs
 		- Evaluating progress also


 	Development team
 		- Group of people that collaborate to create and execute required implementations


 Scrum Ceremonies
 ---------------

	Daily Standup 
		15 mins
		What i did yesterday, what i am planning to do today
		issues / impedements

	Backlog refinement 
		- PO discuss about all user stories that has been added to product backlog


 	Spring planning

 		- Estimate tasks -  numbers - 
 		-  that in current sprint

	Sprint Review
		- Demo of the work 

 	Spring Restrospective 
 		- What went wrong
 			- Action Points 

 		- What went good


 	 

 	

 	
Sprint Backlog
	1
	2- smaller 3 days	- 2 story point
	3 - task 7 days		- 7 story point task
	4
	5



Product baklogs				
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15